Update Hub Online Sync with the latest UI changes (#3950)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Update Hub Online Sync with the latest UI changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated Hub Online Synchronization section in Large Deployment Guide with the latest UI changes
```
Maybe, we should combine this entry with the recent one.
